=== Conky Colour Change ===

A Lua script and accompanying Conky config which allow users to define colours
and colour transitions for their Conky indicators

*** colour-change.lua ***

This is the main lua script file. It is this file that gets called from Conky.
This file contains the settings for your indicators and can be altered without
restarting Conky. Instructions for altering the indicator settings is included
in the file itself.

*** colours.lua ***

This file is loaded by the main script and contains definitions for the colours
you can use for your indicators and in your profiles. If this file is altered
and colours are added, removed or modified you will need to restart Conky for
the changes to take effect.

*** colour-profiles.lua ***

This file is also loaded by the main script and contains the logic that allows
your indicators to change colour based on indicator length. The profiles
themselves are defined as if-else statements within the rgb_set and alpha_set
functions. Instructions for creating you own colour profiles are included in the
file itself. If this file is altered and profiles are added, removed or modified
you will need to restart Conky for the changes to take effect.

*** aux.lua ***

This file contains functions and settings that are used by the main script,
including the smooth_time function, and should not need any modification.

*** Intallation Instructions ***

Transfer conky.conf and all of the lua script files to the .conky directory of
your home directory. If this doesn't exist create it with:
mkdir -p ~/.conky
Use the script by invoking conky using the following from the terminal:
conky -c ~/.conky/conky.conf

If you wish to change the location of the conf file or any of the lua scripts,
or rename any of the files, you will need to alter the conf file to point to the
new location of the main script and alter the command line invocation of conky
to reflect the new location of the conf file. If the location of aux.lua,
colours.lua or colour-profiles.lua is not ~/.conky/ you will also have to modify
the load statements in the main script to point to the new locations of these
files.
